Update dashboard documentation to reflect current codebase state (#121)
opendatahub-io/architecture-decision-records: documentation/components/dashboard/features/modelCatalog.md

Reviewer: @mturley @manaswinidas review please

These are the differences as currently implemented. Some of this may change with future enhancements; for example, there is a desire to allow an admin to configure which models/sources a user has access to instead of the unrestricted access of the current implementation.

### Implementation History

The initial version of Model Catalog introduced in 2.19 and enhanced in 2.20 was built without a real backend API. Model metadata was stored in ConfigMaps on the cluster, created automatically by the dashboard's manifests. No external sources were accessed; models were hand-curated and included with each release.

A BFF-based Model Catalog API (`/api/model_catalog/v1alpha1`) now exists alongside the ConfigMap approach. The frontend continues to use the ConfigMaps (`model-catalog-sources` and `model-catalog-unmanaged-sources`) while the BFF layer provides a structured API for upstream integration. The long-term goal is for the API to fully replace the ConfigMap approach, allowing the dashboard to fetch and search/filter remote repositories of model metadata.

> For more details on the ConfigMap implementation and how the model metadata is updated, see [this README in the model registry repo](https://github.com/opendatahub-io/model-registry/tree/main/model-catalog).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details on the ConfigMap implementation and how the model metadata is updated, see [this README in the model registry repo](https://github.com/kubeflow/model-registry/tree/main/catalog).
```

The above link leads me to 404 Page not found
